this is the everything bubble it is a
new paradigm which will be written into
economics textbooks in the future we can
write about the absurdity of the
monetary system we can study the
contractions as a result of these
policies there is simply no way out of
this mess you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at several
charts so let's begin this here is the
big news world stocks and world bonds
are going up in sync with each other
this chart here showing you over the
past year and also in sync with that is
the g3 central bank balance sheet
obviously these are all tied in to each
other you cannot deny that though some
people tell me that I'm a liar that this
isn't real this is simply a fact I'm
reading the information for you
previously in history we had something
called cycles and that would mean that
certain asset classes would be in a bull
market and other asset classes would be
in a bear market and perhaps that would
reverse course
in due time that doesn't exist anymore
because we have central bank policies
that are trying to reverse that being a
possibility they do not want to have any
deflationary environment so they are
headed in with their only two policies
that they have setting interest rates
and quantitative easing and so they do
this to the maximum degree that they can
it takes a little bit of time sometimes
over the years to engage in a complete
destruction of the currency but of
course that is the end policy so this is
what they're doing this is what they are
trying to exact on to the public and
they're doing a good job of it because
right now today there are no more cycles
there is only this ascension this climb
that we've been seeing and it goes
against all natural market forces but
here we are today Hey look I understand
you're invested in Amazon you're making
good money please by all means I'm not
suggesting otherwise
I'm just trying to point out what I see
that's all all right it's official that
tops 20 trillion dollars for the first
time it jumps a whopping 317 billion in
one day that's right
20 trillion has finally been crossed and
317 billion in one day let's look at the
chart look at that so it flatlined for a
long period of time not a penny was
spent over this entire period okay
totally realistic several months and
then up it goes in a single day they
hold it at this level I mean come on
does anybody believe that does anybody
believe it they didn't spend a dime for
this many months no this numbers fake
the 20 trillion is fake
we know it's much higher but it's just
good to see the finally finally crossing
over that 20 trillion dollar mark
congratulations excellent work everyone
excellent work there are too many
promises that can't be kept so let's
take a look quickly at this the total
IOU use in the US as a percentage of GDP
government debt private debt pensions
and then it goes on guess what it's
rising does that surprise you well it's
okay because individuals say that's okay
because the stock market's rising and
the economy is doing better so surely
you can have more debt it's not an issue
I don't agree with this at all I think
this is a very ridiculous policy if more
and more debt was the answer
why wouldn't they go in the absolute
maximum amount of debt why if it o is
owed to itself that's the claim then
there really is no reason to worry
and therefore let's just keep the party
going so why wouldn't the Fed just print
up instead of just printing sixteen
trillion dollars one time during the
financial crisis
why not print 16 trillion dollars every
single day and give that money to the
citizens they would go out they would
buy this new iPhone 8 they would go buy
two of them maybe even three of them
they would buy more televisions they
would buy more cars they would buy
yachts and boats and vacation homes and
everything else why not I mean why not
I'm asked that's not a rhetorical
question I'm asking if there is no issue
with printing our money and giving to
everybody going into heavy amounts of
debt public works projects just they not
rack up the whole deficit make it
terrible you know bring the debt up
everything why not do it that's a
question promised versus reality now
there is a claim here that over time
you're going to get this average return
of 7% have no fear if the market goes
down just keep your money in and you
will see it rise again I've demonstrated
over and over and over and over again
especially first documented in my book
I've covered here on the channel sing so
many times alright so let's look at this
so this is basically up until present
day at this point here and they're
promising an average of 7% so that would
mean that everything basically has to go
fine from here on out and there would be
only little dips along the way and that
have would have to continue for the
foreseeable future but of course we know
that isn't the case it's just not going
to happen if I scroll down just a little
bit here promise growth actual growth
the return gap actual SPI basically goes
through all of these things and you're
never going to hit the point I want to
make you're never going to hit that
there are periods of time where you
might actually be instead of 7% you
might be at
70% you might think to yourself I'm
doing a hell of a lot better than what
these individuals are but guess what the
general person the average investor
who's invested in mutual funds who has
their bonds in their stock portfolio
they're not going to hit that for a long
period of time because most people they
just let it ride they just let it ride
they put their money into their
portfolio and they said look I'm 40
years old I don't need that money time
60 I know that it seems a little bit
frightening right now but where am I
gonna put my money maybe I'll put a
little more into cash that's right I'm
puttin the money market funds and
everything's going to be just fine
because those are more stable but things
aren't looking so pretty anymore
real rates dip down recently as
inflation resurrected from zero while
nominal rates held steady so I don't
know what this is trying to get into but
whether we look at but I was talking
about German here look at the reason I
show this look at how much negative
interest rates I found their way into
the system the concept of a negative
return on your money that investors are
signing up for and the fact that it's
sounding trillions worth is when you
know this market is number one rigged
and the fact that this doesn't make any
sense anymore so on one hand you have
them taking on the riskiest of risky
assets so-called assets and then on the
other end you're taking this garbage and
it's not as if okay
you know there are a lot of derivatives
out there but the fact that there are
trillions of being purchased of these
negative return I mean that that's
you're gonna get your Garon
you put a you know let's say $1 in you
know okay I'm gonna get 99 cents back
why would anybody do that why would any
sensible person do that well the fact is
it's not people who are doing this it's
all of those on the inside it's all the
big corporations it's the central bank's
it's everybody else they're the ones
buying this garbage uh you and I
measuring the bond bubble the real rate
to growth ratio in Germany just wanted
to show the fact that GDP picked up an
inflation moved from zero to two percent
in a nine month period okay let me move
on quickly here u.s. investor optimism
going from 96 to 2017 you know what
things are great things are really great
because in fact they are better than
just before the financial crisis and you
can see that right here out of 138 and
we are now approximately at the dot-com
boom when everybody and their
grandmother thought that this would be
the best time to dump in their money now
is that time apparently despite the fact
that we've had this rise all the way
through that's okay that doesn't matter
all that matters is that that just like
so many people watching this video right
now unfortunately the investor optimism
is at almost record highs a lot of
people who have criticized me not the
good core subscribers that we have on
here of course I'm talking about the
individuals that have a lot to say and
not a lot of substance are suggesting
that now is the time to dump all your
money in to the stock market just go
ahead because the stock market's rising
and if I've never in my life have I
heard such a terrible reason to invest
truly I mean that true total outstanding
credit card debt 1986 to 2017 lo and
behold we're basically at the same level
you got a
we are talking about a trillion dollars
worth one trillion dollars worth there
was some amount of deleveraging possibly
bankruptcies and other things but it's
come back it's come back just like in
Canada what has happened a lot of people
are able to just get home equity loans
they were able to get second mortgages
and there you go you can pay off your
credit card because the interest rate is
lower on one of these mortgages so why
not do that and then you can buy that
iPhone 8 if you'd like what a great plan
so I'll leave it at that all I'll say is
if you found this video informative then
please give me a thumbs up I do
appreciate everybody who subscribes to
this YouTube channel and join the other
66,000 plus if you haven't already
please hit the subscribe button I do
videos every single day basically
sometimes more than one per day so I
hope that you will join me here on this
channel and if you found the video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can flip through those
books if you'd like to that links are in
the description below take care